[DOCS]: Add some philosophy. (#67)
j5api/j5: docs/concepts/philosophy.rst

Unification
-----------

Following the reappearance of Student Robotics to the scene in late 2018, there were now three separate, very similar, and also incompatible robotics kits that were being used for the same purpose. None of the kits were perfect, and volunteers didn't want to replicate the effort three times for everything. Thus it makes sense to combine the joint efforts of all three teams of kit developers into one. This is the goal of `j5`. `j5` is a single library that provides a uniform interface and API to students for all three kits. Whilst code will not be directly portable between the kits, it will also not be very hard to port code between them. As a library, `j5` still allows the development teams at the individual competitions to have some degree of customisation over how their kit is used.

Goals
-----

There are some goals behind the `j5` project:

> - To be compatible with all current and future robotics kits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To be compatible with a variety of relevant current and future robotics kits.
```

Philosophy Behind j5
====================

Some Background
---------------

> Student Robotics is a charity that was originally founded by a group of students at the University of Southampton with

Reviewer: Dodgy new lines cause kidney stones in mail clients, please avoid.

the goal of bringing the excitement of engineering and the challenge of coding to young people through robotics. This
has involved running an annual robotics competition almost every year since 2008, where groups of sixth form students
are given some robotics kit, time and mentoring to develop a competitive robot for a unique challenge. In order to
reduce the barrier to entry for the competition, it is essential that a knowledge of low level programming and
hardware is not required by the students. Thus, a Python API is usually supplied alongside hardware that is developed

> in order to make things easier.

Reviewer: This implies that Python is somehow easy to understand or reason about. As Python is an imperative language with side effects, this is demonstrably false.

Author: I'm disregarding this.

In 2017 / 18, Student Robotics underwent some restructuring and as a result did not hold a competition. To meet the demand of
teachers for the competition, volunteers created two independent competitions SourceBots and Robocon. Both competitions
designed and built their own robotics kits that were very similar to the current Student Robotics kit, yet completely
incompatible with both each other and the previous kit.

Unification
-----------

> Following the reappearance of Student Robotics to the scene in late 2018, there were now three separate, very similar,

Reviewer: what scene???

Author: The robotics competition scene?

and also incompatible robotics kits that were being used for the same purpose. None of the kits were perfect, and volunteers
didn't want to replicate the effort three times for everything. Thus it makes sense to combine the joint efforts of all
three teams of kit developers into one. This is the goal of `j5`. `j5` is a single library that provides a uniform interface
and API to students for all three kits. Whilst code will not be directly portable between the kits, it will also not be

> very hard to port code between them. As a library, `j5` still allows the development teams at the individual competitions

Reviewer: this sentence successfully says nothing.

Author: I disagree. The code is portable, just not compatible with all kits due to impossibleness of that.

> to have some degree of customisation over how their kit is used.

Reviewer: On second thoughts I'm okay with the new lines giving my mail client kidney stones, as it enables me to increase the density of my criticism.

Goals
-----

There are some goals behind the `j5` project:

> - To be compatible with all current and future robotics kits.

Reviewer: Help help my QuantumBot from the year Three Trillion is incompatible please fix.

> - To use the latest versions of software and be continuously maintained, even between and during competitions.

Reviewer: Latest even when unstable? Maybe say "recent" so we don't arch linux ourselves into the depths of hell.

Author: Ok, I agree with you here.

- To be an example to students of what good code should look like.

> - To unify all existing robotics kits and simulators into one codebase.

Reviewer: Does it work with my Dirt Management Robot Simulator from https://endlessrobotics.com/ ?

Author: Yes.
